cloud vendors:
	salesforce
	cloud Foundry
	virtustream
	IBM
	EMC2
	AWS
-------------------------------
IaaS is considered to be of minimum capability for public or enterprise private cloud.
Application transformation is a longer term goal.


Types of application:
1.Cloud-native applications(Cloud-enabled applications)
	Remain online in outages
	Scale to meet demand
	Provisioned on demand    (Consist of composible services designed to be dynamic,Discover and dynamically 
                                 register services ratehr than hard-coded mapping or static configuration.)

2.Commercial Off The Shelf:
Developers re-write their code close to fit it into an multi adoptable environment 
and to depth their licensing model.

3.Open source:
The souce program code is publised to enable customization and can be adoptd for cloud environment.

4.Custom Application:
Enable transition of the programs

-------------------------------------------------
Characteristics of an application to be hosted on a cloud Application:
1.Secure multi-tenancy.
	Application is configarable so that multiple customers can share the
	same instance of it while maintaining separation of all data and user accounts.

	Customers and users within the shares application instance can't see one another nor
	any data other than their own by using the following:
		
		1.1.Secure Access Control Lists(ACLs)
		1.2.Role-based  permission
		1.3.Separation of database

2.Elasticity:
	Applications should be elastic in traffic demand and usage increase.
	(Apllications can scale-out to handle an  increase in work-load utilization)
	
	To scale out means to automatically detect high-utilization and trigger the necessary steps to
	start up new virtual machines or application services to handle peak work-loads.

	Legacy applications that are not specifically designed to run in a virtual machine to monitor process 
	and memory utilization trigerring more virtual machine instances when a manually defined peak threshold utilization is drained.

	This elasticity technique makes it possible for the appliccations to take advantage of the power of cloud infrastructure
	to scale dynamically.

3.Resiliency:
	Allows applications to survive and remain online during an infrastructure outage or failure.

	A properly designed cloud native application which have multiple techniques to fail transactions and have
	multiple instances of teh application services running on other virtual machines.

	Legacy applications that are not specifically designed for the cloud can use tools with cloud infrastruce such
	as traffic load balancing, but these are not effective for the transparent end user as a cloud-native applications.

4.Universal access/ubiquitous access and persistent data:
	The applications must be accesible from any where on the internet.

	Should be compatable with with any access methods foe web based access,virtual private n/w access.

	User data must be immediately available moving from one computing data to the other.

5.Multi-tiered applications:
	Many cloud application apply a multi-tired design wherein there are multiple layers or tires of services.
	
	These tiers separate the following:
		
		5.1.Back-end database
		5.2.Middleware and applications
		5.3.Front-end processing

They provide high end security, upgradable modularity, Independent scalability

--------------------------------------------------------------------

Application modenization Statergy to migrate Legacy applications to cloud :

1.Re-host leveraging IaaS or PaaS(lift and shift to a cloud platform)
	
	A copy and re-install technique to take relatively simple legacy applications and host them in the cloud.
	Testing and minor configuration changes are often required

2.Re-factor to add cloud-native applications feature
	
	Can be acheived by adding some cloud features to legacy applications.

3.Replace leveraging SaaS

4.Re-write(re-designing a complex, bespoke application)
	Some Legacy applications are so much critical an dnedd to be re-written.

Establish the best approch for each application.

---------------------------------------------------------
Automation(Minimizing manual processes):
Cloud management platform enables automation.
Allows resource tracking.

Key elements of a cloud management solution:-
1.Multi-tenant online ordering
2.Approval workflows
3.Customized automatic provisioning
4.Resource utilization and financial tracking
5.Self-service application administration.
6.Reporting

High level functional cloud management layers:-
1.Cloud web protal
	It services catalogs,order placement,subscription management and tracking
2.Automation,orchestration,workflow,resource management
3.Network management
	Systems monitoring,security,capacity management
4.Virtualization	








